Docs 5942 mmp rtf v4.2 (#1015)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/mmp-concept.adoc

> The Mule Maven plugin enables you to integrate the packaging, testing, and deployment of your Mule applications with your Maven lifecycle. +

Reviewer: I don't think that this topic set is titled correctly, because a Reference is typically a set of one table or list after another, comprising isolated data but not user actions or conceptual information.
Is this really About the Mule Maven Plugin, or Mule Maven Plugin Overview, or What the Mule Maven Plugin Does, or Using the Mule Maven Plugin? 
What is the focus of the set of topics? What encompasses all of the subtopic titles?

Reviewer: The topic set introduction leads me to believe that this topic is going to focus on 
Packaging 
Testing
Deploying

But these are not the subtopics that I see below.
Please consider retitling and reintroducing based on the information actually contained within.

Reviewer: I see that this topic set is parallel with that of PR #1014.
Please apply my edit suggestions to that PR here as well; I will not try to reproduce them here.
The following is proofreading only.

See xref:package-a-mule-application.adoc[Package a Mule Application] for packaging instructions.

> You can automate the deployment of your Mule application to any of the application deployment targets (CloudHub, Runtime Fabric, or On-Premises). +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Mule Maven plugin, you can automate your Mule application deployment to CloudHub, to Anypoint Runtime Fabric, or on-premises, using any of the following deployment strategies: +
```

> The Mule Maven plugin enables you to deploy using five different deployment strategies:

Reviewer: omit, as incorporated above
```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: Do we really need the descriptions of these list items?
Also, only the first mentions automation, but I thought that the previous text implies that they are all automated?
Clarify.

Reviewer: Reconsider including the xrefs, since each topic is covered within the topic set itself.

* CloudHub deployment +

> Automate the deployment of your Mule Application to CloudHub. See xref:deploy-to-cloudhub.adoc[Deploy Applications to CloudHub] for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automate the deployment of your Mule application to CloudHub. See xref:deploy-to-cloudhub.adoc[Deploy Applications to CloudHub] for instructions.
```

> * Runtime Fabric deployment. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Runtime Fabric deployment +
```

> Deploy your Mule Application to Runtime Fabric. See xref:deploy-to-rtf.adoc[Deploy Applications to Runtime Fabric] for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy your Mule application to Runtime Fabric. See xref:deploy-to-rtf.adoc[Deploy Applications to Runtime Fabric] for instructions.
```

> * Runtime Manager REST API deployment. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Runtime Manager REST API deployment +
```

> Deploy your Mule Application to your server, or server clusters using the Runtime Manager REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy your Mule application to your server or server clusters using the Runtime Manager REST API.
```

> * Mule Agent deployment. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mule Agent deployment +
```

> Deploy your Mule Application using the Mule Agent. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy your Mule application using Mule Agent. +
```

> This deployment strategy only works if all your Mule instances live under the same address space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This deployment strategy works only if all your Mule instances reside in one address space.
```

> * Standalone runtime deployment. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Standalone runtime deployment +
```

Deploy to a Mule instance running on your machine.

When deploying an application using the Mule Maven plugin you need to specify a valid deployment configuration in your `pom.xml` file. +
You can set up a deployment configuration using their dedicated deployment references.

> The Mule Maven plugin is compatible with Mule runtime engine(Enterprise Edition) and with Mule Kernel (Community Edition).

Reviewer: ditto edits made to these same sentences in PR #1014.

include::partial$mmp-concept.adoc[tag=addMuleMavenPluginToAProject]

== Deploy a Mule Application to a Standalone Mule Runtime Engine

> . Make sure you added the Mule Maven plugin to your `pom.xml` file.

Reviewer: This is a prereq, not a first step.
See edits to PR #1014
